 Did you know that there are 17 trending niches that are guaranteed to make money this year? Yes, I have crawled through all the statistical data. And I have used it to identify the top 17 niches that are super trendy and making money right now. Plus, as you will see, you can make money off of these trends in all sorts of ways, such as selling print on demand products or digital products or making AI-generated videos for YouTube and TikTok and even by earning affiliate commissions. So then, let's get started with trend number one, Japanese art and culture. Yes, so Google has this incredible tool called Google Trends. You can type in search phrases in search topics and it will tell you how much interest it currently is for them. I particularly find it useful to look at the last five years of data because it shows you whether a niche like the Hulk comic book character is popular. And in this case, we can see that it's actually trending downwards. Whereas, if we instead compare it to Japanese culture, you can see that since 2022, this topic has been trending upwards. And so has interest in Japanese art been trending upwards too. And interest is just as strong as ever. And there are lots of different ways that you can take advantage of this trend to make money. Yes, so take for example print on demand products or marketplace such as Redbubble and on Etsy. Japanese art is very popular when printed on guests. Take this recently trending mag on Etsy. It features a famous Japanese art piece. It is a woodblock painting that was created by the now deceased Japanese artist Matsumato Hoji. And because it's so old, over 200 years old, the painting is now in the public domain. And so now, anyone can legally download it and resell it onto products like Mugs. And cool Japanese art work like this doesn't just sell on gifts like Mugs and T-shirts. Nope, it also sells great as digital products, such as this collection of printable historical Japanese wool art pictures, which is currently trending on Etsy. But there are lots of other places that you can make money off of this trend as well, such as Ali Express. Yes, if you're a dropshap, but you can come on over to Ali Express, and you'll see that Japanese streetwear is very popular. For example, take this Japanese streetwear pants, which are currently very trendy and making lots of money. Plus, for people out there running video content businesses on YouTube and TikTok, this is also a trending niche that's getting lots of views. For example, take these quiz videos. These are particularly popular with people who are learning Japanese, like this quiz video, which got nearly 2 million views on TikTok. And, by the way, if you'd like to learn the method for making money from simple quiz videos like this, be sure to check out my video here, which explains how TikTok has started giving out big paychecks for videos like this. And this video also has a step-by-step tutorial on how to make quiz videos with Canva and Chat GBT. But that's not all, because another popular style is to create list videos by using stock videos and creative comments videos to create a cool list, such as the best places to visit in Japan, or best food to eat in Japan. That sort of thing. Okay, trend number two, retirement. Yes, as you can see on Google Trends, interest in the topic of retiring is trending up each year, which actually makes a lot of sense when you think about it. Since, well, more and more people are retiring each year. And this is also a trend where you can make money in it from lots of different types of online businesses. Take print on demand stores. Retirement gifts are a very popular niche on marketplaces like Etsy. For example, this funny mug here is insanely popular, which is why it's had over 400 reviews, and take this digital printable retirement thing poster. It too has had over 400 reviews. And if you're an affiliate marketer, this is one of the highest paying niches. Because you can promote products that help people invest and save money for their retirement. For example, take the capitalist exploits hedge fund. They have a popular paid insider group, but they reveal their investments to private investors so that they can invest their money privately alongside the hedge fund. And their affiliate program for this has insane commissions between $1,500 to $3,000 per sale. All right, then, trend number three, AI chatbots. Yes, while Google Trends data shows that interest in AI artists somewhat flatlined. Interest in AI chatbots like OpenAI's chat GPT and Google's AI chatbot, BARD AI and Microsoft's AI chatbot, co-pilot, is just as high as ever and, well, looks to be growing. And for this trend here, there is a lot of money that can be made by creating videos with tutorials on how to use them. Because, well, the ad rates for AI videos are super high. And I know this because I made a video about chat GPT here on YouTube and the ad rates I got for it were very high. I made over $20 USD per 1,000 views. Which, again, is very high since most videos on YouTube earn between $2 to $8 per 1,000 views. So then, trend number four, politics. Now, okay, I know that politics is not everybody's favorite cup of tea. But if you're someone interested in politics, this is pretty much the best year to make money in the niche. Since, well, the USA is having its election this year. And even if you don't live in the USA like me, as I live in New Zealand, let's be honest, when the USA is having its election, pretty much everybody on the internet is talking about politics. Now, I'll be honest. Currently, if you look at Google Trends, it doesn't look particularly trendy, but if you go back to the 2020 election, you'll see that as it got closer, interest massively grew. So, statistically speaking, it's probably gonna do the exact same thing this year. And there are lots of ways to make money from the trending niche of politics. For example, no matter what your political beliefs are on Etsy, products aimed at people across all political spectrums are popular on the marketplace. Take, for example, this trending print on Demand T-shirt here. It's had over a hundred reviews and take this trending print on Demand T-shirt here. This one's had over 300 reviews. And if you're a content creator on YouTube or TikTok, you've got lots of options to make money from this niche too. Since, well, as you can probably guess, political commentary and news videos can go super viral. And here's the thing, news videos can have very high ad rates even on TikTok. Take this TikToker here that consistently makes over $25,000 a month from TikTok's ad program. They focus on making news videos. And they're read at post explaining it. They recommend that if you want to earn high payout rates, consider making news videos. Plus, if you want to make money in a less controversial way, quiz videos can be a great way to do that, like this world trivia TikTok quiz account does here. For example, look at this popular quiz video that they made, which has had nearly two million views. It's a simple quiz video where people watch and test out their knowledge of different political leaders around the world. So then, trend number five, the Boho Style. Yes, if we take a look at Google Trends, you'll see that interest in the Boho Style aesthetic is experiencing a huge resurgence this year. The Boho Style is one that focuses on natural materials and bold color palettes. And it is strongly influenced by counterculture movements like the hippie movement. Within the dropshipping community, Boho Jewelry, like these popular bracelets on Ali Express, have sold very well. And on e-commerce platforms like Etsy, Boho Inspired Merch, I'm extremely popular, such as this trending Boho Inspired T-shirt here, which has had over 300 reviews. I love this style, it's admittedly probably because Camper has lots of graphics in its aesthetic, which makes creating clothing designs like this much easier. And if you'd like to learn how I and others create trending print on demand products, like T-shirts using Camper, you should be sure to check out my free print on demand e-book and I will have a link to that e-book in the video description below. So then, trend number six, decluttering. Yes, the decluttering trend is currently in the midst of a big surge of interest, and the trend is showing no signs of slowing down. This is a very popular trend currently on video content platforms like TikTok right now, with people vlogging themselves decluttering messy parts of their house. And on Etsy, digital and printable products in this niche are becoming increasingly popular with customers, like this trending printable declutter checklist planner. All right then, trend number seven, deep work. So if you've never heard a deep work, which probably sounds funny by the way in my New Zealand accent, it means that you have the ability to work deeply on a task without being easily distracted. As you can see here on Google Trends, interest in learning this skill has been steadily on the run, as with interest in it as high as ever, showing no signs of stopping. And for me personally, I think the easiest way to make money in this niche is to take advantage of advertising revenue on video content platforms sites like YouTube and TikTok. Because currently, study with me videos where you film yourself in deep concentration while studying are very trendy with some videos on TikTok getting over 10 million views for just one video. Plus, you can also hop onto the trend of creating study videos by creating quiz videos that help people learn specific study subjects. Like this TikTok account does here by focusing on quizzes for medical school students. These videos get tens of thousands to hundreds of thousands to millions of views. So then, trend number eight, the Pripy aesthetic. Yes, as Google Trends shows, interest in the Pripy aesthetic niche is currently on the rise and it is very trendy. The Pripy aesthetic is positive, sunny, and often features upbeat warm colors, pink, blue and white are very common color palettes and this is aesthetic. And there are plenty of opportunities to make money from this trend with AliExpress dropshipping. For example, bracelet making kits in the Pripy aesthetic are currently very popular. And if you come on over to Etsy, you'll find that a lot of the current bestselling wall art, including print on demand wall art and downloadable wall art, fits into the Pripy aesthetic. Such as this cute bestselling printable wall art poster here. Okay, then, trend number nine, stained glass designs. Yes, this is just a quick one, but as Google Trends shows, stained glass designs have been trending for the past two years and the trend looks as strong as ever. And I'm honestly not quite sure why, there's probably some pop culture reason why this trend has taken off. If you know what's caused it, let me know in the comment section below. But either way, it's on trend right now and there are lots of bestselling printable stained glass patterns on Etsy. I'll be just download these to help them create beautiful stained glass art pieces. Plus, the stained glass art style also looks really cool when it's combined with print on demand mugs with new stores having success taking advantage on this trend right now. And if you're doing Shopify AliExpress dropshipping, this style is also trending on AliExpress right now with window privacy film stickers. Okay, then, trend number 10, saving money and budgeting. Yep, even nonflation may have cooled down. Stuff is still expensive. As a result, Google Trends definitely shows that ever since inflation started, the topic of saving money has trended up, which might be why YouTube's algorithm has started recommending like crazy to me Caleb Hammers financial budgeting auditing videos. And also why his YouTube channel has exploded and is growing like crazy. Budgeting is a hot niche and something else that's really interesting. As we can see that this has caused a big surge in other money saving topics, which previously had started to become unpopular, such as couponing. You can see that during the pandemic in 2020, interest was high, but afterwards it trended down, but now it's becoming trendy again. And here's another example, take a look at thrifting. Interest in it had been low, but now it's becoming trendy again. And something else that's really interesting in this niche is that this is one where you can get paid to basically give stuff away for free. Yep, many budgeting apps like YNAB have generous affiliate programs. YNAB will pay you $6 to $10 for each person you refer that signs up for a free trial. Yes, this is pretty much the dream as an affiliate marketer. You get paid even if your referrals don't buy anything. Okay then, trend number 11, knitting. Yes, you can see that in Google Trends each year, knitting's popularity as a hobby grows and it's steadily on the rise. And this is a trend which has multiple different opportunities to make money in it. You can create print on demand merch, binators on red bubble and on Etsy. These make for great gifts for people that love knitting, such as this best selling knitting mug here. And if you're an AliExpress drop shipper, trending items pop up here regularly, like this automatic knitting machine. This video showcasing it on TikTok has gotten over a live in million views and over one million likes. All right then, trend number 12, video marketing. Yes, take a look at it in Google Trends. Interest in video marketing is trending way up. And it's not app specific. You can see that interest in YouTube video marketing is on the rise. And you can see that interest in TikTok video marketing is also on the rise too. So if you're considering starting a social media agency this year to make money, then picking video marketing as your service of choice makes a lot of sense. Plus it's also one of the most trending topics on TikTok. Low budget basic shady videos discussing tips that this video here do well. It recently got over 400,000 views. All right then, trend number 13, customize gifts. So you can see in Google Trends that interest in customized gifts is increasing each year. And it looks like that this trend is going to continue. And it's not a surprise to me because this matches that perfectly with Etsy's own internal data that they have released. Yes, so for example, Etsy said recently that in the past year, searches for custom dog gifts rose by 80%. And if you would like to take advantage of this trend on Etsy, there are two ways that you can do that. The first is to create customized digital downloadable gifts to get inspired with ideas to create your own. I'll show you two examples of popular items. The first is customized pet portraits. You can see that this super trendy item here has had over 7,000 reviews. And the second is customizable minimalist human portraits. You can see that this is even trendier with over 15,000 views. Most Etsy stores running these will hire freelance artists that are based in lower-cost and living locations. And they'll pick a traced art style, which means that experienced artists can create multiple pictures for customers each hour. Plus, customized print on-demand products sell amazing on Etsy too, like this popular trending mug that's had 17 sales in just 24 hours. But another way that you can make money from customized gifts is to early express dropshipping in your own Shopify store. Custom jewelry here is also very popular. Okay, then onto trend 14, urban planning and walkable cities. So walkable cities is the concept that when urban planning that you design cities to be pedestrian focused to make being able to get around without a car, safer and easier. And so after dipping a couple of years ago, you can see that urban planning is starting to become a trendy topic again. And in particular, you can see that within Google trends that interest in walkable cities is absolutely trending up. And you can also see that interest in public transport is trending up massively too. Now you might think, well, G Sarah, how am I going to make money off of this? But there are actually several ways that you can do that. For example, as part of this trend, people are increasingly using public transport to get around without using cars. And so on print on-demand marketplaces like Redbubble and on Etsy, you can create gifts themed around transport geeks like this really cute train themed best selling t-shirt on Etsy. All right, then trend number 15, high protein diets. So a high protein diet is when you cut down carbohydrates and instead replace it with foods that are high in protein like eggs, chicken, fish, or beans. And you can see that as each year passes, interest in it is steadily climbing and that this trend has continued this year becoming more popular than ever. So then how can you turn this trend into money? Well, one way is by taking advantage of protein powder and meal kits. Lots of popular protein powder and meal kits like protein works have affiliate programs. For example, protein works pays out 12% commission and their affiliate program on each order made for 30 days. And you can drive traffic to your content that promotes high protein diets on Pinterest as this is a very popular topic on there. And you can of course create videos on platforms like YouTube and TikTok, baseless recipe videos for high protein meals are very trendy right now. Okay, then on to trend number 16, neurodiversity. So neurodiversity is a phrase used in somebody's brain developed differently from the norm such as people who have ADHD. And as you can see on Google trends, there is an increasing interest in people looking to learn more about neurodiversity. And that actually tracks with other neurodivergent search phrases as well, such as an interest in the topic of ADHD. Each year more people are being diagnosed with neurodivergent conditions like ADHD, which is therefore leading to more people looking to learn more about it, but also re-rising people who are looking to embrace it and reclaim it. Which is why on Etsy, neurodiversity gifts are becoming increasingly popular like this print on demand t-shirt. And for people that are a part of the neurodiversity community and looking for tools to help digital products like printable journals are also becoming increasingly popular on Etsy too. Such as this ADHD workbook, which as I mentioned in another video has had over 8,000 purchases. Plus one thing that's often recommended for UVUOS out there with neuro spicy brains, are fidget toys like fidget spinners. And so for AliExpress dropshippers, the supplies that these are regularly coming out with newer interesting products in the space, which as you can see are selling very well. All right, the trend number 17, the 2000s. Yes, if we check out Google Trends, we'll see it as no longer the 80s or the 90s that is the trending decade. It is now the 2000s. And here's the thing, nostalgia sales and there is a reason why it sells. It's because as sites has shown in our brains are literally hard, wired to crave it. And this is actually a pretty popular niche on AliExpress as 2000s and Spype got the clothing is very trendy right now. But if you'd instead prefer to sell on Etsy, then I actually think that this is a niche which has very few competitors. And as a result, relatively newer stores are having breakouts success in this niche. This store started selling just one month ago, themed around it and it's already had over 300 sales. So then if you'd like to learn more ideas about making money online, be sure to check out my next video here on screen. And I'll see you in the next video.